formconv
========

This software is a general formula converter. Its development started in
2003, primarily for a helper backend for formula conversion for
WebMathematics Interactive. The first version was based on a Calculator
Demo written by Ferenc Havasi in PCCTS as a tutorial for the lectures at
University of Szeged, Department of Informatics, back in 2000. Later it
was modified by Zoltán Kovács, primary author and former maintainer of
the project. Even later the project has been forwarded to Gábor Bakos
who wrote his master thesis about formula conversion theory and praxis.
Now it is used in several projects like

  * WMI1 and WMI2,
  * Robert Mařík's mathematical assistant,
  * Martin Dózsa's unimaxima,
  * the Real-Time Zooming Math Engine
  * and XaoS (currently it is not used in production).

DOWNLOADS
---------

As usual, scientific software are free of charge. You can download the
most recent and all earlier versions from SourceForge.

It is important to know that there are two kinds of versions of
formconv. Version 0.7 is used for WMI1 and version 0.8 (and above) is
used for WMI2. 0.8+ is more stable and has many features which are not
included in 0.7, however, WMI1 cannot use version 0.8 because
incompatibility problems. (0.8 uses a new interface with different
options.)

The latest version is 0.9.1 (2010 February).

Debian/Ubuntu users can harness advantages of installation from a
repository. Just add this line to /etc/apt/sources.list:

deb http://matek.hu/linux lucid main

Then you can install the formconv package from command line (using
apt-get update and apt-get install formconv) or Synaptic (or your
favourite package manager).

This should work on Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx (and below, the earliest
supported Ubuntu version is Dapper). If you have a different kind of
system version, you may try the repository karmic, jaunty, ..., dapper
(or lenny or etch on Debian) instead of lucid.

COMPILATION
-----------

If you go into trouble, consider installing from .deb packages (Ubuntu
and Debian users have this kind of advance). If you are using a non-deb
system (even a non-Linux), you must compile your executable from source.
Please refer to the documentation on how to do this.

USAGE
-----

Here is a verbatim copy of the current help text of formconv.

FOUND A BUG?
------------

Nice. There are many. :-) However, we appreciate your feedback and you
are welcome to contact us.

FUTURE OF FORMCONV
------------------

Since (unfortunately) there is no exact definition for the intuitive
input, we can never be sure that formconv reaches version 1.0 at all.

CREDITS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
----------------------------

The primary authors (Zoltán and Gábor) would like to thank their effort
and help their contribution, extensive testing and financial support to:

  * Kalin Kozhuharov,
  * Róbert Vajda,
  * Robert Mařík,
  * Hungarian Ministry of Informatics and Communications (ITEM K+F support, 203/2003).
